Add Steps for Azure NFS Installation (#1239)
astronomer/docs: software/deploy-nfs.md

5. Save your changes.

> **Note:** You can also use the  Astro CLI to configure NFS volumes. To do so, specify the `--nfs-location` flag when running [`astro deployment create`](cli-reference.md#astro-deployment-create) or [`astro deployment update`](cli-reference.md#astro-deployment-update).

## Create and mount an Azure file share

> Create and mount an Azure file share to deploy DAGs to an Airflow Deployment on Astronomer. For additional information about this process, see [Premium File Storage](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/files/storage-files-how-to-create-nfs-shares?tabs=azure-portal).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create and mount an Azure file share to deploy DAGs from an NFS volume to an Astronomer installation on Azure. For additional information about this process, see [Premium File Storage](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/files/storage-files-how-to-create-nfs-shares?tabs=azure-portal).
```

1. Update your `config.yaml` file with the following values:

  ```yaml
        houston:
          config:
              deployments:
                configureDagDeployment: true
                nfsMountDagDeployment: true
  ```

> 2. Save the `config.yaml` file and push the configuration change to your platform. See [Apply a config change](apply-platform-config.md). THis process only needs to be completed once for each Software installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

2. Save the `config.yaml` file and push the configuration change to your platform. See [Apply a config change](apply-platform-config.md). This process only needs to be completed once for each Software installation.
```

5. Save your changes.

> **Note:** You can also use the  Astro CLI to configure NFS volumes. To do so, specify the `--nfs-location` flag when running [`astro deployment create`](cli-reference.md#astro-deployment-create) or [`astro deployment update`](cli-reference.md#astro-deployment-update).

## Create and mount an Azure file share

> Create and mount an Azure file share to deploy DAGs to an Airflow Deployment on Astronomer. For additional information about this process, see [File Storage](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/files/storage-files-how-to-create-nfs-shares?tabs=azure-portal).

Reviewer 2: would like to see a change of [File Storage] to [Premium File Storage]

Reviewer 3: Is that because NFS is only available with Premium File Storage?

Author: @cmarteepants and @rbankston I have updated the procedure based on your feedback. If there are specific changes or additions you want:

1. Click **Files changed**.

2. Scroll to the location where you want to add or edit text and click the **Plus** (+) icon.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/192602927-5c3af72f-36e8-4cf2-8f45-95019e3bc133.png)

3. Click **Add a suggestion**.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/192603160-95cea061-56a6-4e4d-b5fc-398f418678cb.png)

4. Add or edit text and then click **Add single comment**.

If there is specific text  or procedure steps you want added, please provide the information, or direct me to a location where it is provided. 

Please review the changes and provide your edits, or approval.

Thanks!
